This text file will encompass the ideation phase

The ideation phase is the first stage of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) ¹. 
It is the stage where the development team identifies the problem that the software will solve and
comes up with a plan to solve it.
 
 => The problem here is the insufficiency of the current SMS systems i have used are too limited in their functionalities
    and unreliable. There's a problem with the scaling, there's a complete absence in some schools. I want to create one that
    is integral to the lives of students and an indispensible tool using the most up to date software for student ai like the 
    google workspace suite, ai features and as much more facilities as possible. keeping in mind that Rome wasn't built in a day
    some basic facilities will have to be the starting point.
 
The ideation phase is crucial because it sets the foundation for 
the entire software development process. During this phase, the team conducts research, identifies
the target audience, and determines the feasibility of the project ¹². 

 => The target audience is obviously the students/teachers, the project is very feasible and the research on the Requirements
    will be presented in the requirement phase


The significance of the ideation phase lies in its ability
to ensure that the software development process is aligned with the needs of the target audience
and the goals of the organization ¹. It helps the team to identify potential risks and challenges that may 
arise during the development process and come up with strategies to mitigate them ¹. By conducting thorough
research and analysis during the ideation phase, the team can ensure that the software meets the needs of 
the target audience and is delivered on time and within budget ¹.


Source: Conversation with Bing, 11/19/2023
(1) The Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC): 7 Phases and 5 Models. https://theproductmanager.com/topics/software-development-life-cycle/.
(2) The 5 Stages of the Agile Software Development Lifecycle - Mendix. https://www.mendix.com/blog/agile-software-development-lifecycle-stages/.
(3) Activity 1 - Initiation | Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC). https://sdlc.uconn.edu/activity-1-initiation/.